New configuration options for Strimzi OAuth 0.5.0 features (#2974)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/appendix_crds.adoc

|boolean

> |checkAccessTokenType            1.2+<.<|Configure whether the access token type check should be performed or not. This should be set to `false` if the authorization server does not include 'typ' claim in JWT token. Defaults to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|checkAccessTokenType            1.2+<.<|Configure whether the access token type check is performed or not. This must be set to `false` if the authorization server does not include 'typ' claim in JWT token. Defaults to `true`.
```

|boolean

> |checkIssuer                     1.2+<.<|Enable or disable issuer checking. By default issuer is checked using the value configured by `validIssuerUri`. Default value is `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|checkIssuer                     1.2+<.<|Enable or disable issuer checking. By default, the issuer is checked using the value configured for `validIssuerUri`. Default value is `true`.
```

|boolean
|enableECDSA                     1.2+<.<|Enable or disable ECDSA support by installing BouncyCastle crypto provider. Default value is `false`.
|boolean

> |fallbackUserNameClaim           1.2+<.<|The fallback username claim to be used for user id if the claim specified by `userNameClaim` is not present. Useful when `client_credentials` authentication only results in client id being provided in another claim. It only takes effect if `userNameClaim` is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|fallbackUserNameClaim           1.2+<.<|The fallback username claim used for the user id if the claim specified by `userNameClaim` is not present. Useful when `client_credentials` authentication only results in a client id being provided in another claim. It only takes effect if `userNameClaim` is set.
```

|string

> |fallbackUserNamePrefix          1.2+<.<|The prefix to use with the value of `fallbackUserNameClaim` to construct the user id. It only takes effect if `fallbackUserNameClaim` is set, and the value is present for the claim. Useful to be able to map usernames and client ids into the same user id space, preventing name collisions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|fallbackUserNamePrefix          1.2+<.<|The prefix to use with the value of `fallbackUserNameClaim` to construct the user id. It only takes effect if `fallbackUserNameClaim` is set, and the value is present for the claim. Mapping usernames and client ids into the same user id space is useful in preventing name collisions.

|xref:type-CertSecretSource-{context}[`CertSecretSource`] array
|type                            1.2+<.<|Must be `oauth`.
|string

> |userInfoEndpointUri             1.2+<.<|URI of the User Info Endpoint to use as a fallback to obtaining user id when Introspection Endpoint does not return information that could be used for user id. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|userInfoEndpointUri             1.2+<.<|URI of the User Info Endpoint to use as a fallback when obtaining a user id and the Introspection Endpoint has not returned information that can be used. 
```

> |userInfoEndpointUri             1.2+<.<|URI of the User Info Endpoint to use as a fallback to obtaining user id when Introspection Endpoint does not return information that could be used for user id. 

Reviewer: User Info Endpoint  -- In terms of consistency, we haven't been capitalising endpoint names in the doc. Maybe we could highlight instead: '_user info_ endpoint'. Or express as `userInfoEndpointUri`

Author: I don't know. These are standard OAuth 2 endpoints, mentioned in specs. In that sense they are proper names, not common words I guess.

|string

> |userNameClaim                   1.2+<.<|Name of the claim from the JWT authentication token, Introspection Endpoint response or User Info Endpoint response which will be used to extract the user id. Defaults to `sub`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|userNameClaim                   1.2+<.<|Name of the claim from the JWT authentication token, Introspection Endpoint response or User Info Endpoint response used to extract the user id. Defaults to `sub`.
```

|string
|validIssuerUri                  1.2+<.<|URI of the token issuer used for authentication.
|string

> |validTokenType                  1.2+<.<|Valid value for `token_type` attribute returned by Introspection Endpoint. No default value, and not checked by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|validTokenType                  1.2+<.<|Valid value for the `token_type` attribute returned by the Introspection Endpoint. No default value, and not checked by default.
```
